PEGI 18
mine got 28 ish
fuck you bj blast kovitch Caroline
you're alive if you call shitting in a
bag living three pulverized vertebrae
you head trauma 4 inches of cast iron
shrapnel right in the cock still in
there semicolon septic shock shattered
pelvis memory loss flashbacks 14 years
in a loony bin good to see you value
friends and comrades this is it the Nazi
stole our secrets they used them the
wind the world everything they have
accomplished was built upon our
knowledge
say 60 for sofa to feel weak beaten
don't have some cuts to a pulse in
as always say Oh captain blast Scotty's
still fighting after all is yes I
wonders with you are wise in the end we
will be judged not by what we have
destroyed
but we have created the fuck is to me
Amanda such a like what you always do
haha it's just you doing you
wake up your dad
I love
friends
all we know
body of an octave blasco heads shoot
stab strangling Nazis
Oh
let's go bitch what's your status well
I'm on the mother fucking moon